Multiple content changes, adding quick start guide page (#24)
Codesee-io/docs: docs/quick-start.md

---
hide:
  - toc
---
# Getting started with CodeSee

> An overview to the primary features of CodeSee, including recordings, data flows, stories, and sharing.

Reviewer: This sentence is a little hard to follow. I think it might be a little more clear with something like: "This page is an overview..." or "Let's start with an overview..."

**Runtime data**

* The data flow shows expressions in the center column and the value of each of the expressions at the time the recording was made in the right most column.
* When you hover over the expression in the center column it highlights the expression in the code in the left most column.
* When a function calls another function, you can dive in by clicking on the expand button `>` in the middle column to view the nested function.

**Loops**

* If there is a loop, whether it’s an explicit loop like a `for` loop or an implicit loop like `reduce` you can visualize each iteration of the loop and the values of the data on each loop’s iteration.

**Call stack**

* When you are diving into a data flow the current function that you are exploring sticks to the top so you always are aware of what line of code is part of which function. If more than 3 functions are in the stack, a message appears to say how many functions are hidden.

**Side Effects**

* When you click on the "View" button in the center column for a side effect, such as a network request, an inspector panel appears in the data flow. Here you can inspect details about any side effects that occurred.

**Filtering**

> * You can hover over any function name and click on the `•••` button to filter out and hide all functions of that type by selecting "Exclude All - Filter out all instances."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can hover over any function name and click on the `•••` button to filter out and hide all recordings of that same function by selecting "Exclude All - Filter out all instances."
```

## Using stories to capture your understanding

Stories allow you to annotate a data flow recording and add notes that are anchored to specific points in the code execution.

> To create or view a story, open the story bar on the far right of the data flow screen.

Reviewer: For the future: probably want to add details about how to click the link to jump to the code.

## Sharing recordings and stories

You can share your data flows and stories publicly or with team members on the same domain. To bring up sharing options, click on the `Share` button from the top of your recording, or the three-dot overflow menu on the library page.

From the **Get Link** pop-up, you can choose to change who can access your recording page, along with any stories you've attached to the data flow. If you make it Public, anyone with the link will be able to view the page. If you make it Organization, only CodeSee users registered with the same email domain as you will be able to see the page.

## Editing recording titles

> Click the ✏️ icon to edit the title of your recording so you can refer to it later.

Reviewer: I couldn't read that pencil icon without zooming in. Maybe say "pencil" next to the icon?
